doc/user: Add mention of where to find generated key (#14872)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/sql/create-connection.md

`PORT`                      | `int4`           | ✓        | Port for the connection.
`USER`                      | `text`           | ✓        | Username for the connection.

> After executing the `CREATE CONNECTION my_tunnel FOR SSH TUNNEL ...` command, the public keys to be placed on the bastion server can be found by running `SELECT * FROM mz_ssh_tunnel_connections;`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Public key retrieval

Once a connection is created, you can find and retrieve the public keys to be used in the bastion server by running:

`SELECT * FROM mz_ssh_tunnel_connections;`

```

Reviewer: We should also mention how to map `id` to the matching source, in case there are multiple SSH connections.
